Added article and tutorial about Navigation Bar (#778)
JetBrains/intellij-sdk-docs: topics/reference_guide/custom_language_support/navbar.md

> [//]: # "title: Navigation Bar"

Reviewer: the syntax for title must be fixed, see https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/sdk-style.html#page-format

Author: Oh, this brackets are so easy to miss. Fixed.

The starting point for the navigation bar extension is the [`NavBarModelExtension`](upsource:///platform/lang-impl/src/com/intellij/ide/navigationToolbar/NavBarModelExtension.java) interface, which is registered in the `com.intellij.navbar` extension point.

To reuse the IntelliJ Platform implementation, you can extend one of two classes:

- [`DefaultNavBarExtension`](upsource:///platform/lang-impl/src/com/intellij/ide/navigationToolbar/DefaultNavBarExtension.java)
- [`StructureAwareNavBarModelExtension`](upsource:///platform/lang-impl/src/com/intellij/ide/navigationToolbar/StructureAwareNavBarModelExtension.java)

## Default Navigation Bar

`DefaultNavBarExtension` is the basic implementation of the navigation bar for any files. Inherit from this class if you want to create a simple navigation bar where you can change the display of folders or files for your language.

In this case, you probably only need the following two methods to override:

- `getPresentableText()` – returns a string representation of the navigation bar part element passed to it.
- `getIcon()` – returns the icon for the element passed to it.

## Structure Aware Navigation Bar

> `StructureAwareNavBarModelExtension` is an advanced implementation that provides the ability to display specific file elements in a bar. Such as, for example, the name of the class inside which the caret is currently located. Inherit from it if you want to add navigation bar support to your language with support for specific file elements.

Reviewer: ... specific file elements (e.g., the name of [...]).

Author: Fixed.

> Don't forget to implement [Structure View](structure_view.md) for correct work.
{type="note"}

> In this case, you will also need to override the `getLanguage()` in addition to the two methods described earlier. This method returns the language instance for which this extension will work.

Reviewer: these two sentences could be joined into one

Author: Fixed.

> The `adjustElement()` method allows you to modify the navigation bar element. It can be used, for example, when you want to show a class in the navigation bar when the caret is in a comment that is attached to the class.

Reviewer: caret is in a -> caret is located in ...

Author: Fixed.

You probably won't need to override other methods unless you want to write your own implementation of the entire `NavBarModelExtension` interface.

> Note that the `getSuitableClasses()` method on the structure view model class that implements `com.intellij.ide.structureView.TextEditorBasedStructureViewModel` (see [Structure View](structure_view.md)) must return all the element types you want to display in the navigation bar.

Reviewer: link title could be omitted

> [//]: # ("title: Navigation Bar")

Reviewer 2: Please add an entry in `intellij-sdk-docs/ijs.tree` file, otherwise, it won't be listed in the page structure.

> [//]: # ("title: Navigation Bar")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[//]: # (title: Navigation Bar)
```

Remove quotes.

Author: Fixed.

<!-- Copyright 2000-2022 JetBrains s.r.o. and other contributors. Use of this source code is governed by the Apache 2.0 license that can be found in the LICENSE file. -->

> The navigation bar implementation is used to customize and extend the [navigation bar](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/guided-tour-around-the-user-interface.html#navigation-bar) structure.

Reviewer 3: We put links on a separate line.

```suggestion
The navigation bar implementation is used to customize and extend the
[navigation bar](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/guided-tour-around-the-user-interface.html#navigation-bar)
structure.
```

Author: Fixed.

The starting point for the navigation bar extension is the
[`NavBarModelExtension`](upsource:///platform/lang-impl/src/com/intellij/ide/navigationToolbar/NavBarModelExtension.java)
interface, which is registered in the `com.intellij.navbar` extension point.

To reuse the IntelliJ Platform implementation, you can extend one of two classes:

- [`DefaultNavBarExtension`](upsource:///platform/lang-impl/src/com/intellij/ide/navigationToolbar/DefaultNavBarExtension.java)
- [`StructureAwareNavBarModelExtension`](upsource:///platform/lang-impl/src/com/intellij/ide/navigationToolbar/StructureAwareNavBarModelExtension.kt)

## Default Navigation Bar

`DefaultNavBarExtension` is the basic implementation of the navigation bar for any files.
Inherit from this class if you want to create a simple navigation bar where you can change the display of folders or files for your language.

> In this case, you probably only need the following two methods to override:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In this case, you probably only need to override the following two methods:
```

Author: Fixed.

- `getPresentableText()` – returns a string representation of the navigation bar part element passed to it.
- `getIcon()` – returns the icon for the navigation bar part passed to it.

## Structure Aware Navigation Bar

> `StructureAwareNavBarModelExtension` is an advanced implementation that provides the ability to display specific file elements (e.g., the name of classes, functions, etc.) in a bar.
> Such as, for example, the name of the class inside which the caret is currently located.

Reviewer 3: I know what you try to say with "inside which.." but I'd vote for a much simpler sentence.

```suggestion
`StructureAwareNavBarModelExtension` is an advanced implementation that provides the ability to display specific file elements (e.g., the name of classes, functions, etc.) in a bar, e.g.,
the name of the class at the current caret position.
```

Author: Fixed.

- [`DefaultNavBarExtension`](upsource:///platform/lang-impl/src/com/intellij/ide/navigationToolbar/DefaultNavBarExtension.java)
- [`StructureAwareNavBarModelExtension`](upsource:///platform/lang-impl/src/com/intellij/ide/navigationToolbar/StructureAwareNavBarModelExtension.java)

## Default Navigation Bar

`DefaultNavBarExtension` is the basic implementation of the navigation bar for any files.
Inherit from this class if you want to create a simple navigation bar where you can change the display of folders or files for your language.

In this case, you probably only need the following two methods to override:

- `getPresentableText()` – returns a string representation of the navigation bar part element passed to it.
- `getIcon()` – returns the icon for the navigation bar part passed to it.

## Structure Aware Navigation Bar

`StructureAwareNavBarModelExtension` is an advanced implementation that provides the ability to display specific file elements in a bar.
Such as, for example, the name of the class inside which the caret is currently located.
Inherit from it if you want to add navigation bar support to your language with support for specific file elements.

> > Don't forget to implement [Structure View](structure_view.md) for correct work.

Reviewer: - omit page title from link
- "for correct work" - should be clarified

Author: Fixed.
